Fix create table if not exists when indexes already exist (#6249)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/dbmgmt/forge.rst

.. literalinclude:: forge/014.php

> An optional second parameter set to true will only execute create table statement if
> table does not exist

Reviewer: Let's make this clear that it is not relying on the SQL:
```suggestion
An optional second parameter set to true will only execute create table statement if
the table name is not in the array of know tables
```
